Algorithms and Data Structures (AD)/README.md, before:

# Algorithms and Datastructures (AD)

Algorithms and Datastructures (AD) is a course covering algorithmic paradigms as well as datastructures.

## Exam
The exam is oral. You come in and draw a topic at random such as *Divide and Conquer* or *Amortized Analysis*, just to give two examples. You then have 30 minutes of preparation time, after which you are called in to the exam room to present your topic for ~15 minutes.

After these 15 minutes are up, you are then examined for another 10-15 minutes in some other topic that has been covered in the course. This means that you probably shouldn't risk i.e. only learning how to prove Dijkstra's algorithm (if that is what you prepare to present, should you draw *Shortest Path*), only to be asked to proof Bellman Ford's algorithm.

##### Advice
For the 15 minute presentation, it is highly advisable to have written an outline beforehand and have practiced presenting each of these at a whiteboard. 

As to how you are supposed to structure your outlines, a former course participant *(NB: And author of this commit)* has created exam-notes for AD that for each exam topic contains the outline itself as well as detailed notes for what you could say for each item in the outline.

For the 10-15 minute discussion, if you want aim for a top grade, you have to either spend a considerable amount of time learning the course material or depend on being lucky.

These can be found at: <https://github.com/shmulvad/AD-notes>

Commit message:

Added a differnt version of the dispositions
I had them lying around, so might as well share :smile:

Algorithms and Data Structures (AD)/README.md, after:

# Algorithms and Datastructures (AD)

Algorithms and Datastructures (AD) is a course covering algorithmic paradigms as well as datastructures.

## Exam
The exam is oral. You come in and draw a topic at random such as *Divide and Conquer* or *Amortized Analysis*, just to give two examples. You then have 30 minutes of preparation time, after which you are called in to the exam room to present your topic for ~15 minutes.

After these 15 minutes are up, you are then examined for another 10-15 minutes in some other topic that has been covered in the course. This means that you probably shouldn't risk i.e. only learning how to prove Dijkstra's algorithm (if that is what you prepare to present, should you draw *Shortest Path*), only to be asked to proof Bellman Ford's algorithm.

##### Advice
For the 15 minute presentation, it is highly advisable to have written an outline beforehand and have practiced presenting each of these at a whiteboard. 

As to how you are supposed to structure your outlines, a former course participant *(NB: And author of this commit)* has created exam-notes for AD that for each exam topic contains the outline itself as well as detailed notes for what you could say for each item in the outline.

For the 10-15 minute discussion, if you want aim for a top grade, you have to either spend a considerable amount of time learning the course material or depend on being lucky.

These can be found at: <https://github.com/shmulvad/AD-notes>. A modified version of these, in a slightly different form, can be [found on Notion](https://www.notion.so/lukasft/AD-noter-3fcbd7567c334514b2ad62ba4dceb9d2).
